It’s kinda shitty isn’t it
Not the way we pictured it
Feels like an existential crisis
Or am I being dramatic
I wish the world would shut its mouth
Give me space to fucking sort it out
Like I’m fine just leave me alone
I’m great on my own
But if I’m being honest
I’d hate to waste us on this
But I truly hope they find their own peace of mind
I don’t know what I’d be doing without you
You love who I am
Cause I don’t care as long as I’m with you
I’ll reach for your hand
In this ugly world where the color is fading
You're beautiful in every color and shade I
Don’t know if you drink
But raise a glass to the past in the story of us
A little bit of complication never hurt my body I know
But it’s different when the target is your mind
And everybody’s talking shit
No bigger hypocrite It’s fine though
My sisters and I
we sympathize
But if I’m being honest
Never thought that I would have this
Back when all I needed
was people who will stay
I don’t know what I’d be doing without you
You love who I am
Cause I don’t care as long as I’m with you
I’ll reach for your hand
In this ugly world where the color is fading
You're beautiful in every color and shade I
Don’t know if you drink
But raise a glass
cause
It took a while to get here
I’m fearless but I still fear
You’ll disappear
Cause I couldn’t be
The person that you need
I won’t ever leave
I don’t know what I’d be doing without you
You love who I am
Cause I don’t care as long as I’m with you
I’ll reach for your hand
In this ugly world where the color is fading
You're beautiful in every color and shade I
I
In this ugly world where the color is fading
You're beautiful in every color and shade I
Don’t know if you drink
But raise a glass
To the story of us